Regis would make it back to the NAIA Semifinals in 1951, only to finish in 4th place
The tournament was won by Sri Lanka, which defeated Australia in the final at the Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore, Pakistan. 
Operational amplifiers had their origins in analog computers, where they were used to perform mathematical operations in linear, non-linear, and frequency-dependent circuits
The vessel was officially transferred to the Philippines on 28 April 2016 and was commissioned into active service at the same time with the Philippine Navy.
He was killed in an agricultural accident on 25 July 2008.
The traditional view focuses more on the early modern aspects of the Renaissance and argues that it was a break from the past, but many historians today focus more on its medieval aspects and argue that it was an extension of the Middle Ages.[4][5]
William Richard Hoskins (born 6 May 1986) is an English footballer who plays for Southern League Premier Division Central club Kings Langley, where he plays as a forward. 
It is the current home of the Bridgestone Senior Players Championship through 2022. 
Henri Chopin (18 June 1922 – 3 January 2008) was an avant-garde poet and musician. 
His family was part of the Catholic branch of the Prussian royal family Hohenzollern. 
The character is a kind of a jester distinguished by his red dress, a red kolpak, and often a long nose. 
Despite its modest length of 74 kilometres (46 mi), it is the fourth-largest river in Europe in terms of average discharge (after the Volga, the Danube and the Rhine).[1]
The Collett School is a 4–16 mixed community special school in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire, England that was established in 1964
The name is derived from "Ma" in Matić and "Tro" in Trottier.
The site covers an area of about 8 square kilometres (3.1 sq mi)
Since the passage of the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in 2011, the FDIC insures deposits in member banks up to US$250,000 per ownership category
It offers postgraduate degrees in art and design to students from over 60 countries
Charles Stewart Mott (June 2, 1875 – February 18, 1973) was an American businessman, a co-founder of General Motors, philanthropist, and the 50th and 55th mayor of Flint, Michigan.
At the 2016 census, it had a population of 8,497
After the dissolution of the Soviet Union, in the mid-1990s, he accumulated considerable wealth by obtaining control of a number of Siberian oil fields unified under the name Yukos, one of the major companies to emerge from the privatization of state assets during the 1990s (a scheme known as "Loans for Shares"). 
In 2020, he was listed at number 11 on The Irish Times list of Ireland's greatest film actors.[2]
He was nicknamed Chiquita
Traces of human habitation in the area date back more than 10,000 years, making it one of the oldest continuously inhabited settlements of Argentina. 
The redhead and the common pochard form a sister group which together is sister to the canvasback.
Managing Urban America (first published in 1979) is a book that provides an academic overview and introduction to local urban planning and management in the United States, written by David R. Morgan, Robert E. England and John Peter Pelissero.
The Chevrolet Kingswood was a 4-door station wagon produced by Chevrolet in 1959 and 1960, and again from 1969 to 1972 built on the GM B Body platform
Nerves that exit from the cranium are called cranial nerves while those exiting from the spinal cord are called spinal nerves. 
Paul Chambers Quintet is an album by American jazz bassist Paul Chambers recorded in 1957 and released on the Blue Note label in April 1958
He was nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature six times
They have since released a mixtape, The RE: Union, in late December 2009, and their second album Revolutions Per Minute was released May 18, 2010
It has more than 1,300 stores operating under the name Shoppers Drug Mart in nine provinces and two territories, and as Pharmaprix in Quebec
The artist works on the south shore of Long Island where he resides with his wife, artist Kathleen Graves
The sculpture was purchased in 1975 by the Indianapolis Sesquicentennial Commission and first installed in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1977. 
CINEMANIA Film Festival is a French-language film festival with English subtitles that takes place in Montreal
The artist saw his creation as representing the composite of "thousands of American girls". 
The Baxter Creek watershed at-large has 10 sources
He previously served as an Associate Justice and as Chief Justice of the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, and was Weld Professor of Law at his alma mater, Harvard Law School.
Biodefense is frequently discussed in the context of biowar or bioterrorism, and is generally considered a military or emergency response term. 
A nitrovasodilator is a pharmaceutical agent that causes vasodilation (widening of blood vessels) by donation of nitric oxide (NO),[1] and is mostly used for the treatment and prevention of angina pectoris. 
Like the House of Commons, it meets in the Palace of Westminster.[2]
The film’s background score and soundtrack is composed by A. R. Rahman, while Ashok Kumar and the duo B. Lenin and V. T. Vijayan handled the cinematography and editing respectively.
Other bookmarks incorporate a page-flap that enables them to be clipped on a page
He is a 7 Time National Champion and Canadian record holder in the 50 meter sprint and 100 meter freestyle, and is the first Canadian born swimmer to break 23 seconds in the 50 meter freestyle event
Historically and internationally, support for affirmative action has sought to achieve goals such as bridging inequalities in employment and pay, increasing access to education, promoting diversity, and redressing apparent past wrongs, harms, or hindrances. 
It was also the inaugural tournament where the trophy was referred to as the Jules Rimet Cup, to mark the 25th anniversary of Jules Rimet's presidency of FIFA. 
Although the party was never represented in the Knesset, it holds seats in many municipalities across Israel. 
Monte Cook is an American professional tabletop role-playing game designer and writer, best known for his work on Dungeons & Dragons.
Other major sources of objects were the collections of J. P. Morgan and Joseph Brummer. 
Svenska Dagbladet (Swedish: [ˈsvɛ̂nːska ˈdɑ̂ːɡˌblɑːdɛt], "The Swedish Daily News"), abbreviated SvD, is a daily newspaper published in Stockholm, Sweden. 
The highest point of the Balkans is Mount Musala, 2,925 metres (9,596 ft), in the Rila mountain range, Bulgaria.
Almdudler (German pronunciation: [ˈalmˌduːdlɐ] (About this soundlisten)) is the brand name of a popular carbonated soft drink from Austria. 
Mardi Gras is French for "Fat Tuesday", reflecting the practice of the last night of eating rich, fatty foods before the ritual Lenten sacrifices and fasting of the Lenten season. 
The initials L-KO stand for "Lehrman KnockOut". 
The debate over the status of Urdu for the Muslims of Pakistan would also give rise to the Bengali Language Movement in East Bengal in 1952. 
After serving as a bank officer and as a Sergeant in the Second World War, Askin joined the Liberal Party and was elected to the seat of Collaroy at the 1950 election. 
These are generally used for short to medium-distance flights with fewer passengers than their wide-body counterparts. 
Buenos Aires resisted Urquiza and seceded from the Confederation in 1852, becoming the State of Buenos Aires; the province would return to Argentina in 1861
After the Chinese Communist Revolution in 1949, most land is owned by collectivities or by the state; the Property Law of the People's Republic of China passed in 2007 codified property rights. 
The idea of combining motion pictures with recorded sound is nearly as old as film itself, but because of the technical challenges involved, the introduction of synchronized dialogue became practical only in the late 1920s with the perfection of the Audion amplifier tube and the advent of the Vitaphone system.[1]
Being related to the concept of the spirit or Geist, it is a core tenet of Völkerpsychologie and other versions of post-Hegelian philosophy and German romanticism.[3]
One significant effect of typesetting was that authorship of works could be spotted more easily, making it difficult for copiers who have not gained permission.
Wyler received his first Oscar nomination for directing Dodsworth in 1936, starring Walter Huston, Ruth Chatterton and Mary Astor, "sparking a 20-year run of almost unbroken greatness."[2]:24
DIVX (Digital Video Express) is a discontinued digital video format, an unsuccessful attempt to create an alternative to video rental in the United States
Last Laugh or The Last Laugh may refer to
As of 2020, Abu Dhabi's urban area had an estimated population of 1.48 million,[6] out of 2.9 million in the emirate of Abu Dhabi, as of 2016.
Timothy "Timmy" Ryan (7 May 1909 – 28 January 1995) was an Irish hurler who played as a midfielder for the Limerick senior team.
From this date, Wales was represented by a smaller number of regional teams in both the Celtic League and European Cup competitions, where previously the top club sides were entered into them. 
The show was cancelled on December 5 after 12 episodes had been broadcast
Vietnam is a member of Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, Association of Southeast Asian Nations and the World Trade Organization. 
Eden Prairie High School is accredited by the North Central Association of Colleges and Secondary Schools and the Minnesota Department of Education
It was described by The Guardian as "one of Europe’s most flourishing economies"
The song peaked at number 43 on the UK Singles Chart and number 14 on the UK Dance Chart. 
Joshua Gros (born June 25, 1982 in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania) is a retired American soccer player. 
Mevius (メビウス, Mebiusu), previously called Mild Seven (マイルドセブン, Mairudo Sebun), is a Japanese brand of cigarettes, currently owned and manufactured by Japan Tobacco.
Bernard Belleau, OC FRSC (March 15, 1925 – September 4, 1989) was a Canadian molecular pharmacologist best known for his role in the discovery of Lamivudine, a drug used in the treatment of HIV and Hepatitis B infection. 
After his retirement, he continued to serve as an honorary assistant bishop in the Diocese of Ripon and Leeds.[1]
The baseball field features professional-sized artificial turf with a clay pitcher's mound and two fenced bullpens
Time magazine described the event (in 1991) as the world's most recognizable international advertising awards
Susan Kathryn Rowan, known as Shenpen Hookham is a Buddhist teacher who has trained for over 50 years in the Mahamudra and Dzogchen traditions of Tibetan Buddhism
Most peer mentors are picked for their sensibility, confidence, social skills and reliability
Kenneth Earl Wilber II (born January 31, 1949) is an American philosopher and writer on transpersonal psychology and his own integral theory,[1] a systematic philosophy which suggests the synthesis of all human knowledge and experience. 
The Soviet Army occupied the factory just as the Hs 132 V1 was nearing flight testing, the V2 and V3 being 80% and 75% completed. 
White Horse Bluff is a subaqueous volcano[1] in Wells Gray Provincial Park, east-central British Columbia, Canada.  
A member of the Republican Party of Minnesota, he represents District 28, which comprises parts of Fillmore, Houston, and Winona counties in the southeastern part of the state. 
The two houses meet in the Palace of Westminster in the City of Westminster, one of the inner boroughs of the capital city, London.
Timothy Bradstreet (born February 16, 1967 in Cheverly, Maryland), is an American artist and illustrator, best known for his work on comic books, book covers, movie posters, roleplaying games and trading cards. 
It is historically significant as the holder of the world speed record for steam locomotives at 126 mph (203 km/h).[1]
For his contributions to film, the Government of India honored him with the Padma Bhushan in 2011, and the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2014. 
Together with parts of Lowry Hill East and other nearby neighborhoods, East Isles is part of the larger, but unofficial, Uptown neighborhood. 
All Australian citizens and permanent residents have access to fully covered health care in public hospitals and clinics.
It was concerning for the U.S. as the Taliban grew to be a more extreme and direct threat to the United States, its citizens, and its foreign dignitaries. 
Although it never entered service, its research pointed the way toward the later General Dynamics F-111 and Grumman's own F-14 Tomcat. 
Best known as the author of You Just Don't Understand, she has been a McGraw Distinguished Lecturer at Princeton University and was a fellow at the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences following a term in residence at the Institute for Advanced Study in Princeton, NJ. 
He was considered one of the Australia’s finest rugby league players of the twentieth century.[4]
Confederate Memorial Day (called Confederate Heroes Day in Texas and Florida, and Confederate Decoration Day in Tennessee) is a cultural holiday observed in several Southern U.S. states on various dates since the end of the Civil War to remember the estimated 258,000 Confederate soldiers who died in military service
Paweł Jasienica was the pen name of Leon Lech Beynar (10 November 1909 – 19 August 1970), a Polish historian, journalist, essayist and soldier. 
Unlike Herzl, the founder of political Zionism, Ha'am strived for "a Jewish state and not merely a state of Jews".[3]
His surname Chrysostom comes from the Greek chrysostomos (χρυσόστομος), which literally means "golden-mouthed". 
The X-COM series, in particular its original entry, achieved a sizable cult following and has influenced many other video games; including the creation of a number of clones, spiritual successors, and unofficial remakes. 
It is a landmark model in Honda's advances in Western motorcycle markets of the 1960s,[4] noted for its speed and power as well as its reliability, and is regarded as one of the bikes that set the standard for modern motorcycles. 
The Megelli range is currently sold in 37 countries in Europe, Asia, Australia, Africa, North America and South America.[3][4]
He also served as a political commissar and was made a Divisional General in Communist Poland. 
The company produced numerous acclaimed films, often in conjunction with companies such as TriStar and Orion Pictures, including Platoon (1986) and The Last Emperor (1987), back-to-back winners of the Academy Award for Best Picture. 
Hindustani is a pluricentric language, with two standardised registers, Modern Standard Hindi and Modern Standard Urdu
It was designed to be a Pittsburgh version of Milwaukee's Summerfest and Seattle's Bumbershoot.[4]
Since the passage of the Dodd–Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in 2011, the FDIC insures deposits in member banks up to US$250,000 per ownership category.[4]
Despite the notion of absolute monarchy (typified by the king's right to issue lettres de cachet) and the efforts by the kings to develop a centralized state, the Kingdom of France retained administrative irregularities: authority regularly overlapped, and nobles resisted change and did their best to retain autonomy. 
It was an early form of popular electronic music.[4]
Self-funded developers are known as independent or indie developers and usually make indie games.[5]
The name Tapiola is derived from Tapio, who is the forest god of Finnish mythology, especially as expressed in the Kalevala.[2]
It typically comprises Kartvelian, Indo-European and Uralic languages; some languages from the disputed Altaic family; the Afroasiatic languages spoken in North Africa, the Horn of Africa, the Arabian Peninsula and the Near East as well as the Dravidian languages of the Indian Subcontinent (sometimes also Elamo-Dravidian, which connects India and the Iranian Plateau). 
The approaches set out below are examples of recent clinical applications of attachment theory by mainstream attachment theorists and clinicians and are aimed at infants or children who have developed or are at risk of developing less desirable, insecure attachment styles or an attachment disorder. 
The regiment was composed almost entirely of men from Worcester County, and was mustered in on July 12, 1861. 
Before this there was no step between the U-19 team and the senior team. 
It is listed as Least Concern on the IUCN Red List, and is mainly threatened by destruction of wetlands, trapping and poisoning
The volcano is part of the natural Volcanoes of Kamchatka UNESCO World Heritage Site. 
For his contributions to film, the Government of India honored him with the Padma Bhushan in 2011, and the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2014. 
The Melians refused, so the Athenians laid siege to their city. Melos surrendered in the winter, and the Athenians executed their men and enslaved their women and children. 
Founded as a fishing village in 1874 by Juan Brito and his family, who came from Puerto Rico, the town is now a tourist destination. 
More developed rhythm techniques include arpeggios, damping, riffs, chord solos, and complex strums. 
Artists often appear in corpse paint and adopt pseudonyms. 
It has also been known as Shick Shack Day, or Oak and Nettle Day.[2]
The Busójárás carnival in Mohács is a major Hungarian folk music event, formerly featuring the long-established and well-regarded Bogyiszló orchestra.[3]
The foundation of tribal region unity and equality provides for the best health care service access for all Alaska Native people.
Some important terminology in charitable trusts is the term ‘corpus’ (Latin for ‘body’) which refers to the assets with which the trust is funded and the term ‘donor’ which is the person donating assets to a charity
The facility consists of two primary performance spaces: the 1,984-seat Zellerbach Auditorium, and the 500-seat Zellerbach Playhouse. 
These French Louisiana sounds have influenced American popular music for many decades, especially country music, and have influenced pop culture through mass media, such as television commercials. 
In January 2016 it was acquired by Energetický a průmyslový holding
Large voltages can appear on the enclosures of electrical equipment due to a fault in the electrical power system, such as a failure of insulation. 
Russia also has a rich material culture and a tradition in technology. 
Humans are not physiologically and anatomically well adapted to the environmental conditions of diving, and various equipment has been developed to extend the depth and duration of human dives, and allow different types of work to be done.
The representation of Jesus himself on the cross is referred to in English as the corpus (Latin for "body")
It began following days of force buildup on the part of the attackers, as well as skirmishes around the city. 
It counts 540 congregations and 30,026 members according to official statistics. 
According to the 2020 QS World University Rankings by Subject, UNSW is ranked top 15 in the world for Accounting, Finance and Law,[7][8] and 1st in Australia for Engineering and Technology.[9] 
He was a relative of the sculptor Francesco Laurana. 
It has a restricted distribution in the wild but is one of the most commonly planted ornamental eucalypts. 
John MacDonald MacCormick (20 November 1904 – 13 October 1961) was a Scottish lawyer, Scottish nationalist politician and advocate of Home Rule in Scotland.[1] 
Rothrock plays a former cop who runs for sheriff after her father, the previous sheriff, is killed. 
He designed the logo for Hillary Clinton's 2016 presidential campaign. 
it broke tournament records with overall attendance of 3,587,538 and an average of 68,991 per match,[3] marks that stood unbroken as of 2018[4] despite the expansion of the competition from 24 to 32 teams starting with the 1998 World Cup.[5]
After their popularity spiked with the release of Free at Last, back sales increased although it is the only of their studio albums to not reach RIAA gold status (500,000 units sold). 
Originally applied only to those who suffered for their religious beliefs, the term has come to be used in connection with people killed for a political cause. 
In 1996, Guatemala formally recognized 21 Mayan languages by name,[2][notes 2] and Mexico recognizes eight within its territory. 
Creative destruction (German: schöpferische Zerstörung), sometimes known as Schumpeter's gale, is a concept in economics which since the 1950s has become most readily identified with the Austrian-born economist Joseph Schumpeter[1] who derived it from the work of Karl Marx and popularized it as a theory of economic innovation and the business cycle. 
Direct-to-video or straight-to-video refers to the release of a film, TV series, short or special to the public immediately on home video formats rather than a theatrical release or television broadcast.[1] 
The latter theme led post-World War II critics to compare Anderson's militaristic approach to homosocial order and the fascists of the War's Axis powers. 
He previously directed the Cognitive Machines group at the Media Lab,[4] and now directs the Laboratory for Social Machines.[5]
As a result, large waves seldom appear at the bays, making them suitable for human swimming. 
Sir William Mortimer Clark (also spelled Clarke), KC (May 24, 1836 – August 10, 1915) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. 
Fifty-two languages formerly spoken in the country's territory are now extinct.[
It is also known as the Home Team. It is headed by the Minister for Home Affairs. 
According to tradition, the founder of Salamis was Teucer, son of Telamon, who could not return home after the Trojan war because he had failed to avenge his brother Ajax. 
He and his ex-wife Becky have two children: a son, Chad and a daughter, Savannah. 
It was designed by Intel to interface with chipsets and provide analog functionality, such as sound cards and modems, on an expansion card.[1]
A dune buggy — also known as a beach buggy — is a recreational motor vehicle with large wheels, and wide tires, designed for use on sand dunes, beaches, roads or desert recreation. 
After his congressional service, he switched to the Republican Party and in 1990 ran for governor of Texas, losing in the primary election
He also wrote instrumental works and church music. 
She was inducted into the Alabama Women's Hall of Fame in 1992.[1]
With over 7.5 million residents of various nationalities[d] in a 1,104-square-kilometre (426 sq mi) territory, Hong Kong is one of the most densely populated places in the world. 
He was the former Cabinet Secretary and the Legal Draftsmen who drafted the Ceylon Order in Council, the first constitution of independent Ceylon.[1]
The rupiah is divided into 100 sen, although high inflation has rendered all coins and banknotes denominated in sen obsolete. 
Cats may be observed to sneer, though this is probably related to the Flehmen response.[6]
Their most recent release is a full length called Brake Lights in 2011. 
He has worked with Kathryn Bigelow[2] and Robert Rodriguez.[3]
Their colour names, such as Elephant's Breath, have become talking points[1] in themselves. 
He made his discoveries while living in poverty and died at the age of 26 from tuberculosis. 
For example, ordinary differential equations appear in celestial mechanics (predicting the motions of planets, stars and galaxies); numerical linear algebra is important for data analysis;[2][3][4] stochastic differential equations and Markov chains are essential in simulating living cells for medicine and biology. 
The International Labour Organization defines social security as covering support for those in old age, support for the maintenance of children, medical treatment, parental and sick leave, unemployment and disability benefits, and support for sufferers of occupational injury.[8][9]
Lyrically, "Your Disco Needs You" talks about the power of disco music. 
It was known as Oretum in ancient Iberian times. 
She was named Music Director of the Cantemus Chamber Chorus (Essex County, MA) in 2011. 
The band published a recording to commemorate the 80th anniversary of the Regiment in 1990, titled Eighty Years of Glory and commemorated its centennial in 2010 by releasing a second CD entitled Onward
A prolific artist, he produced oils, watercolours, and numerous pencil sketches. 
The team competed in the inaugural and only Super League season in 1997, as well as that year's World Club Challenge. 
The town is significant in the history of the Welsh Marches and neighbouring Wales. 
Its officers include a commodore, vice-commodore, rear-commodore, secretary and treasurer. 
The song "Danny Boy" uses the tune, with a set of lyrics written in the early 20th century. 
The term "coaxial" refers to the inner conductor and the outer shield sharing a geometric axis. 
Ducks and geese are usually found swimming in the ponds. 
Hood was the father of the playwright and humorist Tom Hood (1835–1874).
The product could be literature written in any of the languages and dialects in the Philippines or a foreign language.
The AIDG offers developing world design experience for university students interested in appropriate technology while providing hands-on assistance to rural communities in need.
He discovered and first characterized E. coli DNA ligase, a key enzyme of genetic engineering and recombinant DNA technology.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 454,486 people.
According to the 2015 census, it has a population of 454,486 people.
This is a list of instruments used in ophthalmology.
The Kenneth S. Warren Institute is a not-for-profit organization based in Durham, North Carolina that as of 2017 appears to be defunct.
Giacomo da Viterbo OSA (c. 1255 – c. 1307), born Giacomo Capocci (nicknamed Doctor speculativus), was an Italian Roman Catholic Augustinian friar and Scholastic theologian, who later went to hold a number of ecclesiastical posts.
He was the research guide of Fathima Beevi, "the first Muslim lady to get her PhD in Vedanta (the supreme branch of Hindu philosophy)".
It was his first-performed orchestral work, and (in its third performance) his first orchestral work performed to audience approval.
The student family of Angira are called "Angira",[1][6] and they are credited to be the authors of some hymns in the first, second, fifth, eighth, ninth, and tenth books of the Rigveda
The four Premier Partners are Busch Beer, Coca-Cola, GEICO, and Xfinity.
The current president is Xi Jinping, who took office in March 2013.
Melos surrendered in the winter, and the Athenians executed their men and enslaved their women and children.
Its main objectives are development of physical education, promotion of healthy lifestyle and physical activities among Polish youth.
They typically use bag of words features to identify spam e-mail, an approach commonly used in text classification.
The climax of Weir's early career was the $6 million multi-national production The Year of Living Dangerously (1982).
This is opposed to software being developed first and test cases created later.
In 2017, Quantum Capital Partners took over operations of Revell after Hobbico declared bankruptcy.
He represented Trinity Bay in the Newfoundland House of Assembly from 1859 to 1873.
Until the 19th century at least, the name was formerly also applied to the River Sett as far as its confluence with the River Goyt in New Mills.[2]
Traditionally depicted dressed in Lincoln green, he is said to have robbed from the rich and given to the poor.
In 2007, the company was awarded the National Utility Contractors Association Associate of the year award
Edward Henry Rennie (19 August 1852 – 8 January 1927) was an Australian scientist and a president of the Royal Society of South Australia.
The name currently survives through the Marmon Group of Chicago, Illinois.
Open admissions, or open enrollment, is a type of unselective and noncompetitive college admissions process in the United States in which the only criterion for entrance is a high school diploma or a certificate of attendance or General Educational Development (GED) certificate.
Different cultures, religions, philosophies, and organizations have varying concepts on how such a state would come about.
The foreign policy of Poland is based on four basic commitments: to Atlantic co-operation, to European integration, to international development and to international law.
The judiciary (also known as the judicial system, judicature, judicial branch, judiciative branch, and court or judiciary system) is the system of courts that adjudicates legal disputes and interprets, defends and applies law in legal cases.
Visitors primarily come from Eastern Europe, but also from Western Europe as well as Turkey and Israel.[1]
The disposal unit shreds food waste into pieces small enough—generally less than 2 mm (0.079 in)—to pass through plumbing.[1]
Biodegradable bags are bags that are capable of being decomposed by bacteria or other living organisms.
The granting of same-sex marriages recommenced following the United States Supreme Court decision in Hollingsworth v. Perry, which restored the effect of a federal district court ruling that overturned Proposition 8 as unconstitutional.
It was recorded at John Foxx's Garden Studios in London, and was supported by the Construction Time Again Tour.
It is currently sponsored by Qatar Airways and thus officially known as the Qatar Airways Martyr's Memorial A-Division League.
Eros is almost always translated as "love", and the English word has its own varieties and ambiguities that provide additional challenges to the effort to understand the Eros of ancient Athens
The term is generally used to refer to the first ever house music productions, which were by Chicago-based artists in the 1980s.
Canonization is the declaration of a deceased person as an officially recognized saint,[1] specifically, the official act of a Christian communion declaring a person worthy of public cult and entering his or her name in the canon, or authorized list, of that communion's recognized saints.
The Italian Grand Prix at Monza is regarded as the team's home race.
It is not effective for absence or myoclonic seizures.
The Boomtown Rats broke up in 1986, but reformed in 2013, without Fingers or Cott.
The company did continue into the 1990s, however, and was eventually acquired by EMC Corporation (now Dell EMC) in 1999.
The Trisagion (Greek: Τρισάγιον "Thrice Holy"), sometimes called by its opening line Agios O Theos[1], is a standard hymn of the Divine Liturgy in most of the Eastern Orthodox, Oriental Orthodox and Eastern Catholic churches.
A link that no longer points to its target, often called a broken or dead link, is a specific form of dangling pointer.
He was awarded the Silver Star for his gallantry during the attack.
John Hunyadi, the Count of Temes and captain-general of Hungary, who had fought many battles against the Turks in the previous two decades, prepared the defenses of the fortress.
He is best known for the film Night Watch (2004) and its sequel Day Watch (2006), and the American films Wanted (2008) and Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter (2012).
The equation is named after French rheologist Jean-François Palierne who has proposed the equation in 1991
His books are designed to approach tax strategies and asset protection from a real estate investor's perspective.
Thus, the habitus represents the way group culture and personal history shape the body and the mind; as a result, it shapes present social actions of an individual.
The effects of societal heteronormativity on lesbian, gay and bisexual individuals can be examined as heterosexual or "straight" privilege.
With roots in hacker culture and hacker ethics, its ends are often related to free speech, human rights, or freedom of information movements.
Michael John Meaker (born 18 August 1971) is a Welsh retired footballer who played as a midfielder and currently football coach.
Pi Alpha Phi Fraternity is a member of the National APIDA Panhellenic Association.
GSFC is partially within the former Goddard census-designated place; it has a Greenbelt mailing address.
It raises specific issues of intellectual property in computing and online, contract law, privacy, freedom of expression, and jurisdiction.
Many are very well qualified and have degrees, such as a Bachelor's degree (B.A. or B.Sc), Master's degree (M.Sc.) or even a Doctorate (Dr) and/or other professional qualifications such as the HNC, HND and NVQ.
In his career, Rincón posted a .208 BAA against left-handed hitters and a .248 BAA against right-handed hitters.
Its technique is similar to its smaller cousin, with a few notable differences.
It is also the state tree of New Jersey and the provincial tree of Prince Edward Island.
Stratford High School serves several neighborhoods, including Westchester, Sherwood Oaks, Nottingham Forest, Nottingham West, Wilchester, Gaywood, Wilchester West, Yorkshire, Memorial Townhomes, Village on Memorial Townhomes, Memorial Way, Rustling Pines, Memorial Plaza, and the SBISD portions of Thornwood and Ashford Forest.
Now Bindass act as a 24x7 Music channel.
It is told in the first person by Huckleberry "Huck" Finn, the narrator of two other Twain novels (Tom Sawyer Abroad and Tom Sawyer, Detective) and a friend of Tom Sawyer. It is a direct sequel to The Adventures of Tom Sawyer.
This made the Union the formal successor institution of the Community.
He served as political commisar of Partisan units in that region, including the 4th Croatian Corps, until the end of war.
This contrasts with external components such as main memory and I/O circuitry,[1] and specialized processors such as graphics processing units (GPUs).
Capturing data in this way, by tracing or entering the corners of linear poly-lines or shapes, is called digitizing.[1]
The first novel in the Turing Hopper series (You've Got Murder, 2002) debuted a highly unusual sleuth—an Artificial Intelligence (AI) personality who becomes sentient—and won the Agatha Award for best mystery that year.
Wireless touchpads are also available as detached accessories.
He was considered an inspiration by many lyricists.
The Cook Islands' Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) covers 1,960,027 square kilometres (756,771 sq mi) of ocean.[7]
While a student gaining his academic degree in the 1840s, he earned international recognition when he deciphered the Codex Ephraemi Rescriptus, a 5th-century Greek manuscript of the New Testament.
Structures in other regions are not described as Brick Romanesque but as "Romanesque brick-built church" or similar terms.
In the centre of the park stands the Hazuri Bagh Baradari, built by Ranjit Singh in 1818 to celebrate his capture of the Koh-i-Noor diamond from Shuja Shah Durrani in 1813.[1]
As such, the current Barony of Wharton could more accurately be listed as a new Barony, created in 1916, with the precedence of the older (and extinct) Barony.
He was also given a $100,000 fine, along with two years supervision after his incarceration and 100 hours community service.
In addition to its historic value, Woodbridge is also notable for being an intact neighborhood of turn-of-the-century homes within walking or biking distance of Detroit's Downtown, Midtown, New Center, and Corktown neighborhoods.
They are now the United Kingdom's major providers of new housing for rent, while many also run shared ownership schemes to help those who cannot afford to buy a home outright.
In North America, the most common usage of the term refers to loyalty to the British Crown, notably with the loyalists opponents of the American Revolution, and United Empire Loyalists who moved to other colonies in British North America after the revolution.
It became widespread after the threat of nuclear weapons was realized.
He was famous for his works in Lucan dialect,[1] and being nominated for the Nobel Prize for Literature.
These non-stop races range in length from 8 hours to six days and require coed teams of three or four to hike, mountain bike, paddle and negotiate fixed ropes, while navigating an unmarked racecourse through the wilderness.
Arthur Barclay Chapman (28 October 1908 – 29 December 2004) was the University of Wisconsin–Madison's "most accomplished animal genetic researcher."
After lobbying from newspapers and pressure groups this method of identifying such material was discontinued.
Dassault Aviation SA (French pronunciation: ​[daˈso]) is an international French aircraft manufacturer of military and business jets, and is a subsidiary of Dassault Group.
Paul Mares (June 15, 1900 – August 18, 1949), was an American early dixieland jazz cornet and trumpet player, and leader of the New Orleans Rhythm Kings.
The file format is specified in a proposed internet standard (RFC 5545) for calendar data exchange.
Network sharing is made possible by inter-process communication over the network.
It could be used from any Internet-enabled device, including laptops, pocket PC,[2] smartphones, PS3,[3] Xbox 360[4] and Wii[5] video game consoles.
The database library can optionally be run in-process with the application, eliminating client/server remote procedure calls.
Although the field originally started with the demonstration of a computing application by Len Adleman in 1994, it has now been expanded to several other avenues such as the development of storage technologies,[1][2][3] nanoscale imaging modalities,[4][5][6] synthetic controllers and reaction networks, etc.
Network sharing is made possible by inter-process communication over the network.
He starred in his own television series Cool It (1985–1990), Cool Head (1991) and Phil Cool (1992), and performed as a touring comedian until his retirement in 2013.
Adult people have been killed (and in at least two reported cases, eaten) by reticulated pythons.[
Male peafowl are referred to as peacocks, and female peafowl are referred to as peahens, even though peafowl of either sex are often referred to colloquially as "peacocks".
Woburn Abbey (/ˈwoʊbərn/),[n 1][3] occupying the east of the village of Woburn, Bedfordshire, England, is a country house, the family seat of the Duke of Bedford. Although it is still a family home to the current duke, it is open on specified days to visitors, along with the diverse estate surrounding it, including the historic landscape gardens and deer park (by Humphry Repton), as well as more recently added attractions including Woburn Safari Park, a miniature railway and a garden/visitor centre.
Civil direction of the military is carried out through the Ministry of Defense, which oversees the ground forces, air force, as well as the Defense Industry Sector.
These were also the third Summer Olympic Games staged in a developing country after the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City and the 1980 Olympics in Moscow.
He was convicted of numerous federal crimes for operating Petters Group Worldwide as a $3.65 billion Ponzi scheme[5] and received a 50-year federal sentence.
This field of engineering not only focuses on how computer systems themselves work but also how they integrate into the larger picture.
They are one of two MLB teams based in New York City; the other is the New York Yankees, who compete in the American League (AL) East division.
George Howard Brett (born May 15, 1953) is an American former professional baseball player who played 21 years, primarily as a third baseman, in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Kansas City Royals.
The Cubs, first known as the White Stockings, were a founding member of the NL in 1876, becoming the Chicago Cubs in 1903.

